
-- VR Flyweb Gallery Documentation -- 

First of all, thank you for trying this out. If you've tried it, done
something interesting with it or  

Known issues and (if we're lucky!) their solutions are listed at the bottom
of this document. If you're having problems running this program, that's
the place to start.

-- Options -- 

This program has a few options.

flyweb:
	This is invoked by "npm run flyweb", and it turns on the
	discoverability aspect of the project.	Generally, this means that
	everyone on a shared subnet will be able to discover and use the
	shared shared services it offers. In this case, it points to the
	static web server that the "serve" option sets up.  If you've got
	Firefox Nightly on Android, you can scroll down the menu and select
	the "Flyweb" option, and the browser will look around the local
	network and see what services are on offer; if you're running this
	demo, you'll see "Hello, Invisible World!" on the list (that name
	is hardcoded in js/flyweb.js.)

serve:
	This is a static web server that offers up the VR site. You start
	it with "npm run serve". It's served from port 9090 (hardcoded in
	package.json) so to try it out from the machine running it, you can
	open a browser and give it the URL "localhost:9090". Bear in mind
	that this will be visible to anyone else on the local network.


gallery: 
	This runs the above flyweb and serve options simultaneously. It's
	the easiest way to start the whole thing, and (after you've used the
	"install" option), Should Work (tm).

	If it Doeesn't Work and it's not for one of the reasons listed below,
	I would be grateful if you could file an issue, as per below.

clean:
	This deletes all the files in node_modules. I build this feature
	when I wasn't sure what features or depednencies we'd end up with,
	and I wanted something equivalent to "make clean" so that I could
	make sure I understood my dependencies while I was learning about
	Node and VR. Despite prompting you before proceeding, this option
	feels _very footgunny_ to me, so please handle this one with care.

fetch-dependencies:
	This is a helper function you might need to run if you're seeing
	compile failures in the MDNS Node module. On Debian-based systems,
	this will install developement libraries you need to compile that
	module successfully. It will ask you for your local root password
	before proceeding. If you're not using a Debian derivative, you'll
	have to figure this part out yourself - please email me if you've,
	hit this problem and solve it.   

help:
	Show you this file. Success, I guess?

-- KNOWN ISSUES -- 

The canonical list of issues is here: 

	https://github.com/mhoye/vr-flyweb-gallery/issues

Right now, the big ones are: 

- "npm install" fails while compiling the MDNS node module:

	You'll need the libavahi-compat-libdnssd-dev library on your
	system. You should be able to sort this out by running "npm run
	fetch-dependencies" as per above.

- "npm run serve" and "npm run gallery" fail in the Win10 Unix subsystem
  with errors in node_modules/mdns/lib/advertisement.js:56   

	This error starts with "dns_sd.DNSServiceRegister(self.serviceRef" 
	and says "Error: dns service error: unknown".

	Sorry, right now I've got nothing. I'm working on it; if you figure
	it out, email me.

Thanks again.

- mhoye 

